I'll order my report that I tried before
Kiev
most private you to the hotel is located
employment with their rights with books
indecent hour 5 hum and
most for 5 polyn drive mind report already
is the hotel crown that david prosuz
Hotel crown for those who are not now the price
crowns get acquainted at the exit scrima
whole chubinsky on slaps dreams this
highways how close
cns member plot plot dollars edge in
it does not think the robot and a little traffic light
without a sign he is not in the hotel too loudly
No, you are covered with eyes of the year
Sleep penetrated from the storage projects as well as for
tedx top case u de amis
the capital here is his excursion
Good day, I want to introduce our hotel
currently we are in family
suite
which is itself a number of two
rooms every room in our hotel
equipped with modern furniture on
the territory of the hotel we have free
wireless internet wifi for
use of our guests in each room
satellite TV
that will allow you to watch the channel on
many languages 34 numbers david why
this nickname is standard before cluster
so over 85 playfully
personally to you by a high media
accessible internet with usb mode stood
import those there restaurant on your just
24 dec 7
Ignat hd about him is not without payment
in the wild woman way every step
aux parks and axes and pizza tiles
think about chili inside where chick is
trumpet hotel king
and